Fix DOI for Darwin, C. G. and update doi url style (#41972)
mantidproject/mantid: docs/source/algorithms/FindPeakBackground-v1.rst

----------
**Objective algorithm to separate signal from noise in a Poisson-distributed pixel data set**

> by T. |Straaso|, D. Mueter, H. O. |Sorensen| and J. Als-Nielsen Strass

Reviewer: ```suggestion
by T. |Straasø|, D. Müter, H. O. |Sørensen| and J. Als-Nielsen
```

> `J. Appl. Cryst. (2013). 46, 663-671 <https://doi.org/10.1107/S0021889813006511>`__

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Journal of Applied Crystallography. (2013). 46, 663-671 <https://doi.org/10.1107/S0021889813006511>`_
```

Author: Reading https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/usage/restructuredtext/basics.html#external-links I think we do want double underscores on these.
